Nothing may differ from the Thizi tasty bread individuals living in the school.
It's a rather expensive нем unable to travel to the harbour at high rates.
Please give its opinion in the comment section and don't forget to existence channel and subscribe merely to see the ending.
I will tell you a story about my grandfather.
My grandfather came back from school.
He was a little late.
He was holding his hand in front of his grandfather.
He was greeting him politely.
He was a trashy kid.
He was dime-fills.
He wasfoxed.
He was foxed.
Did he come back home after the rain?
What's pilfering about what I said to him?
Why did he lie to me?
How dare you, I never talk like that!
I never talk like that!
I don't know.
I'm a teacher.
I've been teaching at school.
Have you ever seen your parents?
Do you know if you've seen it again?
Hey!
I'm not a parent who's been bullied.
Don't sell your parents' rights.
It's natural for a parent to be bullied.
If a child is bullied, he will be bullied.
I'm not going to tell you anything.
Hey!
If you really beat your parents, you'll be great.
If you're a good boy, you'll get a reward.
That's right.
Come on, Dad.
Come on.
You were like this the other day.
I'm not going to tell you anything.
I'm going to tell you.
No, I'm going to tell you.
Dad, you're looking at the back of the ceiling.
Oh, the back.
I know.
I'm going to look at the back of the ceiling.
Well, it's a good day.
The top floor is too bad.
Dad, it's not a bad day.
It's a good day.
No, it's a bad day.
You're young.
I'm young.
I'm not going to be a good boy.